= leave_management_system

This is a redmine plugin helps to manage employees leave account of an employer

== Supported in

* MySql
* Redmine - 2.1.x, 2.2.x, 2.3.x, 2.4.x
* Ruby - 1.9.x

== How to install 

1. Download and extract or clone the LMS redmine plugin in the redmine app's plugins folder '{redmine_app}/plugins'

   * cd {redmine_app}/plugins
   * git clone https://github.com/johnson-logicmatter/leave_management_system.git leave_management_system

2. Run the migrations

   * rake redmine:plugins:migrate NAME=leave_management_system RAILS_ENV=production

3. Restart the server

== How to uninstall

1. Rollback the migrations

   * rake redmine:plugins:migration NAME=leave_management_system VERSION=0 RAILS_ENV=production

2. Remove the redmine_leave_management_system plugins folder from redmine app's plugins folder

3. Restart the server
	
== Features

=== LMS Configuration

* Different roles - Leave appliers, approvers, deductors and reports;
* Can add group of users to any of these roles.
* Appliers can apply leaves.
* Approvers can approve the leaves.
* Deductors can modify LMS settings and can deduct the approved leaves from employee leave account.
* Reporters can view the leave histories - taken leaves and available leaves, leave details etc. - of all employees
* Automatically generate leave account for an employee from current month till year end when an employee will be added to applier groups in redmine.

=== LMS Settings
* Leave types - create/edit/delete any leave type like Medical leave, Casual leave, etc.
* General Settings - Work from home policy, carry forward policy, weekends
* Generate Leave accounts - While generating leave accounts, LMS will generate leave accounts from current month till year end and add/remove leave types to/from current year leave account.
* Manage leave accounts.
* Public Holidays.
* Start LMS - It tells LMS to allow employees to apply leaves. Unless you start LMS, no one can apply leaves. Afterwards you can't change any of the LMS settings.

=== LMS Dashboard
* Current year leave summary - total leaves taken, available leaves, number of LOP, work from home details if applicable
* Public holidays list
* Own dashboard and others dashboard where other employees leave histories are shown.
* Current year leave histories - pending, approved, cancelled, rejected leaves
* Apply leave/work from home - System silently discards the public holidays and weekends when you apply leave.
* Notify other employees also about applying leave via email.
* Cancel leave
* Reject leave
* Approve leave
* Deduct apporved leaves from leave account
* System will automatically email concerned employees when applying/cancelling/rejecting/approving/deducting leaves.

=== LMS Reports
* Monthly detailed leave history report of all employees
* YTD detailed leave history report of all employees
* Yearly detailed leave history report of all employees

== Changelog

=== 0.0.1

* First release

==== 0.0.1 (patch1)

* Fixed Apply leave failure bug
* Now supports in Redmine 2.2.x, 2.3.x, 2.4.x also

=== 0.0.1 (patch2)

* Generate leave accounts from beginning of year
* Creates leave account when add an user in leave appliers group

=== Repository

* https://github.com/johnson-logicmatter/leave_management_system

=== WebPage

* http://www.logicmatter.com

=== License

This software is licensed under the GNU GPL v2. See COPYRIGHT and COPYING for details. 
